My name is Debolina cHakraborty  and I came from Mumbai. I have completed my btech in Information technology. I am working in TCS as an Assistant consultant and having 11+ years of experience in IT industry .
I am ambitious, enthusiastic, quick learner can learn new tools and technolologies within short span of time. I am a result driven IT proferssional with a stromng background in project management and delivery.I have worked with sevreal cross funcion teams & non functional teams , cross organizational teams with KPMG IKANO BANK, MACYS retail within the projects and handled US and europe based clients. etc. 


I have extensive expertise in critical business projects and delivery which includes test management,deployment ,defect management ,team management,Repoting within tight schediule.I am well-versed in test planning and execution, ensuring that deliverables meet the highest quality standards. I got rewards in TCS for my team management and delivering projects within tight timelines.
 have used test management, defect management tools such as Jira, azure devops and HP ALM with xray plugin.
I have experience in agile methodology, STLC process,Automation in selenium java, functional, UI, API, ADHOC, REGRESSION, testing.

My analytical and problem-solving abilities have been instrumental in resolving complex project challenges. I have keen interest in banking domain .
I am excited about the opportunity to leverage my skills and experience to contribute to SBI's project management initiatives and support the organization's strategic objectives.


why do you think you are the rigjht candidate: 
This job profile suits me as I can leverage my skills and experience in project management, delivery, test namagement, deployment  in SIT UAT AND PROD environment.

why you have worked so long in TCS.
-When I was a fresher TCS was one of my dream company to work with , and I contributed a lot in TCS thus got rewards also.Also, the team in which I am working, resources are godd, env is good. but I cant see the new opportunities and growth of mine here. for eg: I have power BI certification, ACCEL Q foundation level certification but can ldeverage those as client is not willing to do so.

But this SBI post is having those and I can use my knowledge to show my capability which helps in organization and my growth parallely.
Also, SBI is a public sector bank and in near future banking sector

--recently completed certification on ACCELQ foundation level
--Playwrtight certification in progress
--want to use my knoeledge and can explore more on POE=WER BI in which I hasve certified and want to do advance level certification on top of that. I think these opportunities I will get in SBI to showcasre my knowledge in these areas with thios particulsar post
--perplexity, chat gpt